Three more, four more
Like to be in a position ever regulated sseokseu
Applicable items chwoya
Yes No public.What's righteousness, please've said up
Sophisticated and new
Why are you walking, but not on any mworang brother wake up a bit since the
It's a well- shadowed person.
For the first seven days of the sheds they should not just do this themselves now afford to buy
What is it now ?
So now I think'll stay three-year-old 20-year-old drew so
Eunikka I think that'll stay with the child, not the girl for me to do that wrote
Who'll give me look at myself as a reason not to happen now, or very
in the heart
Now that I've folded it,
What I was doing my gracious minutes when just beginning to be known
Think seriously about that reason. The one who likes it as it is, writes it.
So thanks to that gratitude,
Itgetda to live as eoyeo be loved by so again, the mind had contact eonji
I have it now
Yes , because I felt a sincere heart,
I'm waiting.
It's not over yet, and again, we're trivial . 5 I do not know how to control subtitles.
That's it.
Yesterday I learned two things. I put a lot of things in it.
many
Public thinking and gratitude
Even if you do not burn your ear,
There are burdens to bear and many people who have suffered such pain.
4 Then I saw what I thought.
I can not seem to see so much pecan kame ,
This is where the road will go, not the endless buckwheat .
I did not hesitate to give up after going through his m & b tunnel
In the light of the day it is revealed
That'll be seeing the end of the line deunyo'll keep walking in their hearts
4 The length that I actually passed
Donggori was not the burdens of life are so hard to hesitate in the middle gadaga
Sitting on the ball just pampering dongburi know quickly all the information it
If you do not give up, a miracle will happen 2
Even if there are no playground crowds or there are a lot of purpose troubles,
It's a living thing.
The existence itself is happiness. I really woke up to add a word if I said open it.
Those who saw me today
I live like that and live like that.
5 In comparison, oh, I want health.
It's not good to be thankful.
If you focus on focus right now and look at the cheap siege at 10 o'clock,
That's what happens.
Without comparing with others
Things get a little overwhelming yourself so you can really appreciate the wet look back
I wish I was.
Well, why the mind one-party audits in Monroe really I think 5000000000000
Do not make us too much. Do not you repent ?
Hello sorry
What are you doing?
Expert
I applied the build operation
Yesterday a friend Show on Healing Camp
Can you come stand've gone longer be able to walk to the happiest
I'm thinking about different moments.
On the third floor ,
When I knew it was now operative when the hospital back to the past
The doctor
I do not look like a person's face because I'm going back like before .
I can not wait to get out of the world
Fold La eotneunde I did not see the end to keep us calm down a bit
Now when you think of the four intermediate say
You are in the world . You tell someone a message of hope.
I'm always moving the game to someone who is there.
Ahhh what do you think
How do you know
It's Takuya Ballet.
oie ah